Add shared CLI scenarios for bindings (#993)
breez/spark-sdk: crates/breez-sdk/cli/tests/scenarios/README.md

# Shared behavioral scenarios

These JSON files define end-to-end wallet flows in terms of CLI commands and
expected output. They are the canonical behavioral tests for the SDK's CLI
surface, and they are **shared verbatim across languages**: each language CLI
port gets a thin runner that executes the same files, so a behavior is
defined once and enforced everywhere.

Current runners:

| Runner | Drives | Entry point | CI home |
|---|---|---|---|

> | Rust | `crates/breez-sdk/cli` binary | `crates/breez-sdk/cli/tests/scenarios.rs` (`make cli-itest`) | step in `Breez integration tests` (shares its toolchain, faucet limits, and lnurl image) |

Reviewer: `cli-itest` is its own job now (`Rust CLI binding tests`), so this cell is stale.

Author: Fixed in 3a0abbd.

| JS/WASM | `bindings/examples/cli/langs/wasm` port (consumes the locally built `packages/wasm` npm package) | `packages/wasm/itest/scenarios.test.js` (`make wasm-itest`) | `WASM binding tests` job |
| Swift | `bindings/examples/cli/langs/swift` port (local uniffi bindings) | the Rust runner with `SCENARIO_CLI` pointing at the built binary (`make swift-itest`) | step in `CLI / swift` (macOS; lnurl scenarios skip: no docker) |
| Kotlin | `bindings/examples/cli/langs/kotlin-multiplatform` port's JVM target (shares the generated uniffi surface with Android) | the Rust runner with `SCENARIO_CLI="java -jar ..."` (`make kotlin-itest`) | step in `CLI / kotlin-multiplatform` |

The Rust runner is generic: `SCENARIO_CLI` (a command line) and `SCENARIO_CLI_CWD`
point it at any CLI port, so most languages need no runner code at all, just a
make target. The JS runner exists separately because it also hosts the npm-API
smoke suite.

When adding a language runner, prefer attaching its `make <lang>-itest` step
to the CI job that already has that language's toolchain and the faucet
secrets rather than adding a fresh job (the rust runner rides along with the

> breez itests for exactly that reason).

Reviewer: Maybe drop this? Clearer to have its own CI job

Author: Dropped in 3a0abbd.

## The sync contract

- **Scenarios are data, never ported.** Adding or changing behavior means
  changing the Rust CLI and the scenario in the same PR; the rust runner

>   (`make cli-itest`, a step in the `Breez integration tests` CI job) proves

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  (`make cli-itest`, a step in the `Rust CLI binding tests` CI job) proves
```

Author: Applied in 3a0abbd.
